an elaborate research project.
elaborate a plan.
The painting impressed me with its elegant simplicity.
There appears to be an element of truth in your story.
The elements of psychology are difficult to grasp.
Cells are the elements of the human body.
in your element.
Do you really believe that getting drunk can eliminate pain?
He was eliminated in the first round.
to eliminate the enemy.
abolish old custom
Because of being seriously ill, he has to be in his absence from class.
The absence of salt in that dish makes it tasteless.
She was absent from the meeting.
absent expression
at home and abroad
go abroad
spread abroad
The news soon spread abroad.
You are an absolute fool!
The king has the absolute power.
He has nearly absolute control over his men.
The man was completely absorbed in the plot of the interesting book.
Work absorbs most of his time.
He couldn't absorb the additional hardships.
Sponge absorbs water.
be absorbed in...
be absorbed into...
Susan was absorbed in taking down the data shown on the screen.
We may talk of beautiful things, but beauty itself is abstract.
make an abstract of...
Abstract iron from ore.
After the accident, he was banned from driving.
The father forbids his children to touch the piano.
Smoking is prohibited in many theatres.
be put/placed under a ban.
at the bar
behind bars
The boy likes to walk on the sand with bare feet.
a bare possibility
He hesitated a bare second.
lay bare the truth.
The room is bare of furniture.
After studying English for years, some students can barely speak any English.
He barely passed the examination.
It is nothong but a bargain between the two opponents.
He bought a two-room apartmnent only for ￥35000, it was a real bargain.
We refuse to bargain over the price.
make a bargain.
bargain about/over sth.
bargain with sb.
bargain away.
The strong beam penetrates through the door into a dark house.
The beam of the pagoda is six metres in length.
Her face beamed with joy.
The moon beamed in the sky at night.
That hat becomes her.
be capable of doing...
His reasoning capacity must be developed.
This gymnasium has a seating capacity of 50,000.
Beijing is the capital of the People's Republic of China.
Please write in capitals.
It's estimated that the project requires a capital of 68 million dollars.
The prime minister made a capital speech on National Day.
capital construction is going on smoothly.
capital crime
The police managed to rescue the captive hostages.
The captives are wearing chains.
She was captured trying to escape from the country
capture the stronghold
He evaded capture for three days.
She wasn't interested in her husband's artistic career.
He chose acting as his career.
a career diplomat.
The boy is casting basketball with a high jump.
He was cast as the villain.
cast a statue.
head a cast
a casual meeting
a casual worker
casual clothes
The enemy suffered heavy casualties.
The police caught the escaped criminal.
He caught the night train to Shanghai.
she caught the disease from her parents.
I am sorry I didn't quite catch you. Please repeat it.
catch on 
catch up with
catch up on sth
be caught in sth
